The Employee Service Center
is NCDIT's internal self-service portal
where employees and internal users can request services,
report issues,
and find information.
It is intended for NCDIT employees and internal users
and is separate from the government services portal
used for external users
and service engagement.
The Employee Service Center organizes services into major categories,
including human resources,
IT,
and risk and compliance.
Within IT, topics are grouped around Services and Service Offerings,
making it easier to browse services,
requests,
and support resources.
Selecting a topic
opens a content page
where related requests and resources are gathered together in one place.
This taxonomy helps keep services easier to navigate as content continues to grow.
From these topic pages,
related requests are grouped together so you
can quickly choose the service you need.
Related services are grouped into shared request forms,
reducing the need for multiple separate forms.
Dynamic forms adjust based on your selections,
so only relevant information is collected.
If something is not working,
the Current Status panel provides a quick
view of known service issues and degradations.
If you need help with a technical issue,
select "Experiencing an issue?"
to open the incident form.
The incident form also includes current system status,
helping you check whether an issue is already known before submitting a report.
You can also open the full System Status page
to review outages,
degradations,
and plan maintenance in more detail.
You can also use search in the growing knowledge base
to find guidance and answers without submitting a request or incident.
Search returns requests and knowledge articles together,
helping you quickly find the most relevant result.
Knowledge articles provide step-by-step guidance and
supporting information for common tasks and questions.
Knowledge content will continue to grow over time,
supporting more self-service across the portal.
The homepage also provides a view of your active items,
including requests,
incidents,
tasks,
and surveys.
You can check progress,
review status,
and open records directly from here.
My Tickets remains available from the top navigation
menu wherever you are in the portal,
alongside My Tasks,
where you'll find any approvals or other to do's assigned to you.
For users who also work in fulfillment roles,
Fulfiller View provides direct access to your fulfillment workspace.
This allows you to move quickly between the Employee Service Center
and the tools you use to manage and complete work.
And from your fulfillment workspace,
you can return to the employee service center at any time
by opening the All menu and searching for Employee Center.
Whether you're requesting a service,
reporting an issue,
finding information,
or tracking your work,
the Employee Service Center
is your starting point for internal support
across NCDIT.